





DeFi and Staking Projects by Ashwin Yardi
Intro

Hello, I am Ashwin Yardi! 

Here is the list of Staking and DeFi projects that I have worked on.
 
Some of them are still live, some of them are finished and few are non-existent now 😌


Atomix by Fetch.ai

Involved in early stage planning, prototyping, and research.
Forked and studied multiple DeFi lending protocols like Aave, Compound, and Balancer V1.

StackOS.io

I was the first developer on the team.
Developed the entire on-chain contracts and interfacing backend single handedly for MVP.
This MVP later enabled the StackOS team to raise more than 4 Million USD.
The smart contracts have evolved now, but the backend code that I built is still being used as is. ( As per Stackos team )
Smart contracts involved: 
Staking smart contract for STACK token
Resources Manager contracts
Streaming Payments and Subscription integrated with Staking
STACK token
Uni V2 LP farming contract for STACK-USDT

Phoneix Staking Program  by Fetch.ai

Developed the proxy staking contract that interacted with the main FET staking contract to manage MTLX distribution.
The same contract was later used for the Atomix rewards program.

Mettalex Amplify

Developed the entire smart contract suite for Amplify program
Forked the FuruCombo V1 protocol for executing a combo.
Smart contracts included:
FuruCombo main proxy
Single sided Entry with ETH, swap to MTLX
Add liquidity to Uniswap for MTLX-ETH
Staking LP tokens in Masterchef style Staking contracts for farming.
This program helped MTLX's price peak above 10 USD.

XFai Potentializer Liquidity Generation Event

Responsible for developing all of the on-chain contracts single handedly.
Featured smart contracts:
LP token staking contract ( Masterchef )
Smart contract that managed the user stake, XFIT token sale, liquidity provision process and then staking again in Masterchef.

UniFi DeFi Lending protocol

Forked the compound protocol as it is.

Open Oracle Coingecko Price Reporter

Built a oracle that can be used by Compound style lending markets for reporting the prices on-chain.

PolyDEX

Started as a DEX, built lot of innovative features on top of uniswap v2
First fully gasless DEX on Polygon
Built multi reward farms and staking pools
Later was converted to in-house DEX aggregator

Cross-chain Farming

Developed a novel 100% cross-chain system using Polygon FxPortals.

DappFactory

100% no-code smart contract as a service
Used innovative EIPs like minimal proxies for factories
Modular on-chain architecture. Responsible for product architecture and partly development
Featured different types of staking pools like: Fixed APR, and multi reward staking pools

Yugen Finance

Responsible for ideation and the architecture of smart contracts involved.
A novel two token system to prevent dilution and ensure minimum guaranteed price for YGN token.

Mirai Protocol

Fully cross-chain lending protocol built for Polygon zkEVM.
Also participated in hackathon and won the Best DeFi project award.
Forked and Understood the  Euler protocol smart contract end to end.
Also developed simulation scripts to run, deploy and test the entire “Module” based system for Euler.

Additional Notes:
4 More client projects in the Defi, Staking, and NFT domains that I am leading but cannot disclose more because of NDAs

I had also helped a VC called GravityX evaluate liquid staking project code on Avalaunch in the acquisition process.
